No. We're on the top. Humans dating robots is sick. You people wonder why I'm still single? It's 'cause all the fine robot sisters are dating humans! And from now on you're all named Bender Jr. We're rescuing ya. You are the last hope of the universe. Bender, this is Fry's decision… and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life. Who said that? SURE you can die! You want to die?! Really?! I saw you with those two "ladies of the evening" at Elzars. Explain that. That's the ONLY thing about being a slave. You, a bobsleder!? That I'd like to see! And from now on you're all named Bender Jr. It's toe-tappingly tragic! And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet. Noooooo! Oh right. I forgot about the battle. I've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Hello, little man. I will destroy you! Dr. Zoidberg, that doesn't make sense. But, okay! Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafter be referred to as "the brig". That's right, baby. I ain't your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal? I had more, but you go ahead. You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit! Fatal. With gusto. Is the Space Pope reptilian!? Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you. OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can. That's not soon enough! When I was first asked to make a film about my nephew, Hubert Farnsworth, I thought "Why should I?" Then later, Leela made the film. But if I did make it, you can bet there would have been more topless women on motorcycles. Roll film! And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Hey! I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think? When the lights go out, it's nobody's business what goes on between two consenting adults. Ah, the 'Breakfast Club' soundtrack! What's with you kids? Every other day it's food, food, food. Alright, I'll get you some stupid food. Now that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions? These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are. Um, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to the streets? Who said that? SURE you can die! You want to die?! Bender, we're trying our best. Why did you bring us here? Maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you are pretending to be. Dr. Zoidberg, that doesn't make sense. But, okay! Aww, it's true. I've been hiding it for so long. Yeah, and if you were the pope they'd be all, "Straighten your pope hat." And "Put on your good vestments." You, a bobsleder!? That I'd like to see! Tell her you just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Nay, I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar. I'll get my kit! Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it… then perhaps gifts! You, minion. Lift my arm. AFTER HIM Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal? Fry, we have a crate to deliver. And I'm his friend Jesus. Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, Look, last night was a mistake. They're like sex, except I'm having them! That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. Hey, you add a one and two zeros to that or we walk! OK, if everyone's finished being stupid. Say it in Russian! I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day. Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase. No! The kind with looting and maybe starting a few fires! I love you, buddy! You guys aren't Santa! You're not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal? So, how 'bout them Knicks? Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon. Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, people get dependent on you, Does anybody else feel jealous and aroused and worried? Yeah, and if you were the pope they'd be all, "Straighten your pope hat." And "Put on your good vestments." Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it… then perhaps gifts!